

 

From: Darin Grabowski 
Sent: Friday, September 6, 2024 2:40 PM
To: Ethan Davis <
Subject: Re: [EXT] I cant print, I am numb

	You don't often get email from dgrabowski@ci.taylor.mi.us. Learn why this is important 

After a lengthy email, you respond to ask me if I have selected "FINMFP" as my printer option.... If I wasn't so defeated I would be offended. Next time I will send my concerns to SkyNet's level 1 associate who I hope treats my request with a little bit more respect. First I have to learn his name. 




On Fri, Sep 6, 2024 at 1:39 PM Ethan Davis <ethan.davis@skynetinnovations.com> wrote:
Dearest Darin, 
 
This correspondence pleases me greatly and I understand your concerns.
 
I must ask, did you attempt to select a different printer? It seems that “Save to PDF” is likely selected by default. 
 
I will be by forthwith to assist when I am back from Parks and Rec.
 
Yours in Technology,, 
 
 
	Ethan Davis

Support Engineer II

skynetinnovations.com

 
 	 	 	 


 
 
 

Classified as Confidential
From: Darin Grabowski
Sent: Friday, September 6, 2024 11:15 AM
To: Ethan Davis 
Subject: [EXT] I cant print, I am numb
 
	You don't often get email from dgrabowski@ci.taylor.mi.us. Learn why this is important 

 
WARNING: This email originated outside of our Organization. Please be careful opening attachments or links.
 
Dear Ethan,  
 
When I try to print it asks me to "save my print output." I do not not know what that means. I had to attempt to log in 4 times today and every hour on the hour my left monitor turns off for 5-7 minutes. I am trying to maintain a positive attitude, however my enthusiasm towards technological advancement is waning. I feel eerily similar to the great people that inhabited the Irish Republic during the great famine that ranged from 1845 to 1852. If you're unfamiliar with their story, crops (primarily potatoes) failed largely due to weather patterns every year for 7+ years. That is, until 1853 when better tides arrived, turning their agricultural fortune around drastically. I need you to be my 1853, Ethan. 
 
I hope you have a great weekend, 
 
Darin
